[20:05:40] <majora> >Meeting procedure, agenda, and minutes (@???)
[20:06:15] <gsingh93> one note i have here is to make sure to make the next meetings PR after this one
[20:06:39] <majora> ok
[20:06:43] <gsingh93> and if we want to do meeting minutes
[20:06:47] <iangcarroll> will do
[20:06:53] <gsingh93> someone should make some short notes while the meeting is going on
[20:06:55] <gsingh93> if not
[20:07:01] <gsingh93> just posting IRC logs is fine with me
[20:07:05] <majora> I think we should directly CP the IRC logs
[20:07:06] *** Quits: vishwin_ (~alliek@wikimedia/O) (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)
[20:07:13] <gsingh93> (y)
[20:07:20] <gsingh93> other thoughts?
[20:07:25] <arirawr> I think minutes should be made but it's so laborious
[20:07:35] <arirawr> I have 3/4 done ones from last time
[20:07:42] <arirawr> and no one helped
[20:07:46] <gsingh93> arirawr: i think it's because you made them after the fact
[20:07:46] <majora> if we see users requesting them we can start, if not just send them through the logs
[20:07:52] <gsingh93> whenever we reach the end of the topic
[20:08:00] <gsingh93> just write one or two sentences on the conclusion
[20:08:14] <arirawr> I was moderating, so I couldn't
[20:08:16] <gsingh93> ah
[20:08:43] <gsingh93> well, if someone wants to they can do it
[20:08:47] <gsingh93> i don't think it's mandatory
[20:08:50] <gsingh93> it would be nice though
[20:09:24] <gsingh93> ready to move on?
[20:09:28] <iangcarroll> ðŸ‘
[20:09:34] <majora> >Merging policies round 2 (@gsingh93)
[20:09:40] <gsingh93> admin policy is looking good
[20:09:48] <gsingh93> need to add some minor stuff iangcarroll and arirawr mentioned
[20:09:59] <gsingh93> then i think we're in agreement it can be merged
[20:10:06] <majora> I've v much agreed with all things I've seen
[20:10:35] <gsingh93> the issue right now is content policy
[20:10:36] <arirawr> As long as the things I mentioned get in, gtg
[20:10:51] <gsingh93> iangcarroll: has volunteered to help clean it up
[20:10:57] <arirawr> (y)
[20:11:05] <iangcarroll> yup, I'll get on that tommorow
[20:11:17] <gsingh93> i need to make a few changes unrelated to what we were talking about
[20:11:22] <gsingh93> but if i do them later
[20:11:26] <gsingh93> we can just merge our changes
[20:11:28] <gsingh93> shouldn't be a problem
[20:11:30] <iangcarroll> kk
[20:12:00] <gsingh93> so the other thing was how comprehensive the content policy should be, and how that's used in administrating posts
[20:12:02] *** Joins: vishwin_ (~alliek@wikimedia/O)
[20:12:05] <gsingh93> we could leave this for later though
[20:12:11] <gsingh93> when we talk aobut shane's questions
[20:12:16] *** Joins: vishwin60 (~chatzilla@wikimedia/O)
[20:12:30] <iangcarroll> 3 vishwins
[20:12:31] <iangcarroll> lol
[20:12:38] <vishwin60> lol yup
[20:12:40] <vishwin60> just got into work
[20:12:48] <iangcarroll> i agree with how it is right now
[20:12:57] <vishwin60> aka wait for people in the computer lab to ask me questions XD
[20:12:58] <gsingh93> and what is that?
[20:13:00] <iangcarroll> admins amending as we go along and using their discretion
[20:13:06] <iangcarroll> but I'm a bit biased
[20:13:10] <gsingh93> so in the case that the admin policy doesn't cover something
[20:13:23] <gsingh93> and can't give a section number
[20:13:24] * vishwin60 has no problem with discretion in the face of no caselaw
[20:13:32] <gsingh93> they can still close?
[20:13:42] <iangcarroll> yes
[20:13:53] <gsingh93> i agree
[20:13:55] <gsingh93> agree or disagree everyone else
[20:13:56] <iangcarroll> as you said, so long as the admin and content policy don't allow or deny it
[20:14:10] <arirawr> Things that are closed and not in the policy should be talked about and put in policy the next meeting
[20:14:20] <gsingh93> cool
[20:14:24] <iangcarroll> majora?
[20:14:35] <majora> yup
[20:14:40] <iangcarroll> ðŸ‘
[20:14:45] <gsingh93> moving on then majora
[20:14:49] <majora> >
[20:14:50] <majora> Reported post Chrome extension (@gsingh93)
[20:14:50] <arirawr> nono
[20:14:53] <arirawr> Stahp
[20:14:56] <majora> ok
[20:15:01] <arirawr> Policy still isn't complete
[20:15:07] <gsingh93> which part?
[20:15:08] <arirawr> when is it being completed?
[20:15:15] <gsingh93> iangcarroll: is fixing stuff up tomorrow
[20:15:18] <arirawr> Jokes iirc
[20:15:26] <gsingh93> probably today or tomorrow
[20:15:27] <arirawr> and Meta
[20:15:35] <iangcarroll> do we need to discuss jokes?
[20:15:39] <iangcarroll> i forget what we did last time
[20:15:46] <gsingh93> we discussed it last time
[20:15:51] <arirawr> We discussed last time but nothing was added
[20:15:53] <gsingh93> i want to write up all those ideas
[20:15:55] <gsingh93> yes
[20:16:03] <gsingh93> today or tomorrow
[20:16:25] <arirawr> I can't really preemptively agree to merging
[20:16:32] <gsingh93> we're not asking you to do that
[20:16:36] <arirawr> kk
[20:16:43] <gsingh93> just for the admin policy
[20:16:45] <gsingh93> not for content
[20:16:45] *** Joins: SamuelKelemen (442396c9@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.68.35.150.201)
[20:16:46] <arirawr> k
[20:16:48] <gsingh93> cool
[20:17:01] <SamuelKelemen> I'm definitely late
[20:17:01] <gsingh93> majora:
[20:17:07] <majora> > Reported post Chrome extension (@gsingh93)
[20:17:31] <gsingh93> so let me be clear about this
[20:17:39] <gsingh93> this is not related to any admin trust issues
[20:17:54] <gsingh93> or surveillance or anything like that
[20:18:06] <gsingh93> this is simply something i think FB does not do well, and i've heard people request it
[20:18:11] <gsingh93> and i think it would help
[20:18:28] <gsingh93> the problem is it would be helpful if admins knew which posts were reported and how they were handled
[20:18:39] <gsingh93> so lets say iangcarroll sees a reported post
[20:18:46] <gsingh93> thinks it's on topic
[20:18:49] <gsingh93> lets it go through
[20:19:02] <gsingh93> later people complain that their reports aren't being responded to
[20:19:09] <gsingh93> they keep reporting posts, and nothing is done
[20:19:20] <gsingh93> well, if the admins knew which posts were reported after they were handled
[20:19:27] <gsingh93> instead of the posts disappearing
[20:19:31] <gsingh93> that would fix this issue
[20:19:35] <gsingh93> FB doesn't have an API for this
[20:19:41] <gsingh93> so the easiest solution would be a chrome extension
[20:19:43] <gsingh93> thoughts?
[20:19:53] <iangcarroll> gah, there is no way to build this into hackbot is there
[20:19:56] <gsingh93> nope
[20:19:58] <iangcarroll> that would be the best solution
[20:20:02] <gsingh93> yup :P
[20:20:33] <SamuelKelemen> Thats kind of a shitty limitation
[20:20:46] <SamuelKelemen> Admins always need to use chrome.
[20:21:04] <iangcarroll> agreed
[20:21:05] <arirawr> ^
[20:21:05] <majora> yeah I will resign before using chrome to moderate
[20:21:09] <iangcarroll> a user script might be better
[20:21:10] <iangcarroll> and lol
[20:21:16] <majora> botnet bullshit
[20:21:16] <iangcarroll> solution: rebuild FB on our own to allow this
[20:21:19] <cold_sauce> I believe that there is a way to make firefox extensions work with chrome
[20:21:19] <gsingh93> majora:
[20:21:23] <cold_sauce> created by mozilla
[20:21:29] <majora> we could use a monkeyscript
[20:21:31] <vishwin60> jetpack?
[20:21:32] <majora> I think is the thing
[20:21:34] <SamuelKelemen> whois @majora ?
[20:21:37] <iangcarroll> yeah
[20:21:38] <gsingh93> it's super easy to make multiple solutions to this
[20:21:44] <gsingh93> they just need to log to the same backend
[20:21:47] <majora> greasemonkey sorry
[20:22:02] *** Joins: sv (59f1accb@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.89.241.172.203)
[20:22:02] <gsingh93> the backend could be something super simple
[20:22:03] <majora> yeah we could do greasemonkey to a free tier googlefirebase-thingy
[20:22:06] <gsingh93> a parse db or something
[20:22:10] <gsingh93> just send it a REST request
[20:22:11] <arirawr> SamuelKelemen Frank Cash
[20:22:12] <gsingh93> you're done
[20:22:15] <SamuelKelemen> why cant hackbot do this?
[20:22:23] <gsingh93> SamuelKelemen: how would it?
[20:22:24] <majora> hackbot doesn't have a ui
[20:22:26] *** sv is now known as Guest28330
[20:22:41] <iangcarroll> we'd be publicly running a command to indicate report status, which will just clutter it
[20:22:41] <SamuelKelemen> I'm not quite sure. Does Hackbot run as a fb user?
[20:22:45] <iangcarroll> no
[20:22:46] <iangcarroll> an app
[20:23:01] <iangcarroll> though it uses my token
[20:23:03] <SamuelKelemen> hmm, I guess I thought it was a fb user
[20:23:23] *** Quits: Guest28330 (59f1accb@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.89.241.172.203) (Client Quit)
[20:23:24] <gsingh93> the time frame for this is something we can put on a TODO list
[20:23:28] <gsingh93> it's honestly super simple to code up
[20:23:34] <majora> well I guess we could use hackbot and have it write to a json on gh and use a gh site
[20:23:38] <gsingh93> i just want to see if we're in agreement
[20:23:39] <majora> and then everyone could view it
[20:23:49] <iangcarroll> i agree on building something to do this
[20:24:00] <majora> yes, the idea is good.
[20:24:00] <gsingh93> majora: it'd need to be private though
[20:24:05] <iangcarroll> though I don't think it's a huge priority
[20:24:06] <gsingh93> these are reported posts
[20:24:09] <gsingh93> yup
[20:24:16] <majora> we could use some oauth stuff
[20:24:17] <majora> lmao
[20:24:18] <SamuelKelemen> I can provide a db, if needed
[20:24:26] <gsingh93> lol
[20:24:27] <gsingh93> implementations later
[20:24:37] <majora> >Deletion and ban logs (@gsingh93 and @SCKelemen)
[20:24:47] <gsingh93> btw
[20:24:49] <iangcarroll> so, let's do deletion logs first
[20:24:50] <gsingh93> before we do that
[20:24:59] <gsingh93> can we get some kind of action items list
[20:25:02] <gsingh93> or TODO list
[20:25:07] <iangcarroll> trello?
[20:25:08] <gsingh93> because there was some stuff from last time
[20:25:14] <gsingh93> well, just something per meeting
[20:25:17] <gsingh93> idc how we do it
[20:25:21] <iangcarroll> ah
[20:25:24] <iangcarroll> maybe in the minutes?
[20:25:25] <gsingh93> because last time we were supposed to post about hackbot
[20:25:25] <SamuelKelemen> trello boards for each meeting?
[20:25:40] <gsingh93> yea, at the end of the meeting minutes lets put that there
[20:25:40] <majora> how about todo.md in a github repo
[20:25:42] <majora> lmao
[20:25:46] <gsingh93> and lets have the moderator add the items
[20:25:50] <gsingh93> is that ok majora?
[20:25:57] <majora> WOW WAY TO SPRING THIS ON ME
[20:25:59] <gsingh93> it's pretty low frequency
[20:26:01] <gsingh93> :P
[20:26:02] <iangcarroll> lol
[20:26:11] <majora> so on the meeting agenda add a todo
[20:26:14] <gsingh93> yup
[20:26:24] <arirawr> I like todo.md over trello. Too many trellos in my life.
[20:26:25] <gsingh93> so far, post about Hackbot help (refer to last meetings log)
[20:26:39] <gsingh93> and then other todo is work on this extension thing
[20:26:43] <gsingh93> which i can take care of
[20:26:50] <gsingh93> cool, not moving on to deletion logs
[20:26:51] <majora> sure
[20:26:55] <gsingh93> now*
[20:26:56] <SamuelKelemen> for real though, like 90k boards. although I also get like 90k github notifications/day
[20:26:56] <majora> okay
[20:27:04] <majora> >Deletion and ban logs (@gsingh93 and @SamuelKelemen)
[20:27:13] <gsingh93> so for deletion logs
[20:27:25] <gsingh93> so my original idea won't work
[20:27:31] <gsingh93> but i want to confirm that this is actually a reasonable problem
[20:27:49] <gsingh93> in HH, i actually saw with my own eye's an admin accused of censoring/deleting posts
[20:27:57] <gsingh93> later the user admitted he was lying
[20:28:03] <gsingh93> that's a huge issue in my opinion
[20:28:08] <gsingh93> people *love* to hate on admins (sorry guys)
[20:28:14] <iangcarroll> ðŸ˜¢
[20:28:17] <gsingh93> if we let that stuff go without evidence
[20:28:25] <gsingh93> trust in admins will decline
[20:28:31] <gsingh93> and people will start to troll admins
[20:28:34] <gsingh93> and HH will happen
[20:28:37] <majora> we could just make a .json file
[20:28:40] <gsingh93> arirawr: did you notice cases like this?
[20:28:42] <gsingh93> in HH
[20:28:52] <SamuelKelemen> I thought we aren't deleting posts?
[20:28:52] <arirawr> I think once
[20:28:57] <iangcarroll> there is no way to distinguish between malicious admin delete and friendly user delete though
[20:29:02] <gsingh93> SamuelKelemen: we aren't, but you can't prove it
[20:29:05] <arirawr> maybe a few times
[20:29:14] <vishwin60> not sure we need the complexity of JSON even though it's not the most complicated data format out there
[20:29:16] <gsingh93> iangcarroll: that's the issue i'm running into
[20:29:22] <vishwin60> mediawiki does logs well
[20:29:30] <vishwin60> all we have to do is make them plaintext
[20:29:32] <gsingh93> guys, backends and implementations are irrelevant during these discussions
[20:29:33] <arirawr> but I'm not opposed to it
[20:29:34] <SamuelKelemen> I was already working on a logger for fb groups that saves out all posts. I basically got swatted the other week over in HH Politics
[20:29:39] <gsingh93> please focus on the goals and high level details
[20:29:43] <vishwin60> ah right gsingh93
[20:30:04] <SamuelKelemen> Well, I'd agree that we should log ALL THE THINGs
[20:30:11] <gsingh93> so as iangcarroll mentioned, we don't know who deleted certain posts
[20:30:15] <gsingh93> but i think if we have a log of deletions
[20:30:21] <iangcarroll> that doesn't really fix a malicious user framing friendly admins though
[20:30:21] <SamuelKelemen> In OSSP, when they delete things, they take screenshots
[20:30:40] <vishwin60> as long as actions get logged indiscriminately, which is the key
[20:30:40] <iangcarroll> i'll just post something critical of the admins, delete it, and then cry censorship
[20:30:44] <gsingh93> yea...
[20:30:46] <vishwin60> distinctions can be made later
[20:30:48] <vishwin60> ie investigations
[20:30:58] <iangcarroll> logging is not fixing all of our issues here though :p
[20:31:00] <gsingh93> i think this is a problem, just not sure how to deal with it
[20:31:09] <gsingh93> it doesn't seem high pri now
[20:31:18] <gsingh93> but if we don't figure it out *before* it happens
[20:31:20] <gsingh93> we're in trou ble
[20:31:26] <wolfcore> We need a http://hackit.edward.io/ but for HX
[20:31:26] <yossarian-bot> Title: Hackit
[20:31:29] <wolfcore> at some point
[20:31:32] <gsingh93> so
[20:31:33] <wolfcore> run independently
[20:31:38] <gsingh93> i don't know much about that site
[20:31:39] <iangcarroll> unfortunately if it does happen, there is no possible solution to prevent us being framed
[20:31:47] <wolfcore> gsingh93: it just backs up all posts
[20:31:53] <wolfcore> it's open source too
[20:31:59] <gsingh93> wolfcore: i feel like that would violate FBs policies
[20:32:01] <gsingh93> not sure though
[20:32:09] <wolfcore> oh okay
[20:32:14] <majora> I've suggested this before but the creator took it down
[20:32:17] <wolfcore> maybe if the group is public
[20:32:23] <majora> and lmao like I give two crappers
[20:32:27] <majora> the group is public
[20:32:27] <wolfcore> yeah majora I remember you mentioned it the other day on FB
[20:32:29] <gsingh93> iangcarroll: i agree, i think certain patterns found in logs though can help convince people what's happening
[20:32:49] <gsingh93> example, if a certain user is deleting multiple posts and doing this
[20:33:09] <gsingh93> that might mean something different than it happening to various people
[20:33:14] <gsingh93> or with various topics
[20:33:17] <iangcarroll> though as I said earlier, a motivated bad user can create posts with the same patterns we're looking for in malicious admin behavior
[20:33:30] <gsingh93> iangcarroll: if there's one thing i've learnd doing malware analysis
[20:33:34] <iangcarroll> a very motivated user could even use multiple accounts, but I suppose we're really dreaming up scenarios now
[20:33:34] <gsingh93> bad actors are dumb
[20:33:40] <iangcarroll> yeah
[20:33:47] <gsingh93> you'd be very surprised
[20:33:55] <gsingh93> how much they fall for very basic defenses
[20:33:59] <iangcarroll> i've seen way too many debug strings in malware, don't worry :p
[20:34:04] <gsingh93> i think here some basic defenses might help
[20:34:06] <arirawr> on topic plz
[20:34:15] <gsingh93> i think my example is relevant
[20:34:29] <gsingh93> these people aren't super motivated
[20:34:37] <iangcarroll> alright, so we'll put the extension and this in the low priority basket
[20:34:41] <iangcarroll> but helpful to have
[20:34:43] <gsingh93> (y)
[20:34:46] <gsingh93> majora:
[20:34:55] <arirawr> ban logs
[20:35:06] <iangcarroll> that's SamuelKelemen's idea
[20:35:09] <majora> yup
[20:35:10] <wolfcore> is that even possible to do
[20:35:11] <gsingh93> did you guys decide where you want to put them?
[20:35:19] <gsingh93> wolfcore: it'd be a manual thing
[20:35:25] <wolfcore> banning logs?
[20:35:28] <gsingh93> no
[20:35:32] <gsingh93> like
[20:35:35] <gsingh93> i ban a user
[20:35:43] <wolfcore> ah
[20:35:44] <gsingh93> and add it to a list
[20:35:46] <gsingh93> right?
[20:35:49] <gsingh93> that's what we're talking about?
[20:35:52] <iangcarroll> well, it seems like a very simple webapp
[20:35:57] <iangcarroll> but a spreadsheet might be easier
[20:36:00] <SamuelKelemen> yeah, so if a user is banned, we need to keep track of when and why. expecially since admins rotate
[20:36:02] <majora> json pls
[20:36:09] <gsingh93> just do a spreadsheet...
[20:36:13] <gsingh93> that way you can start today
[20:36:18] <gsingh93> instead of making some complex solution
[20:36:19] <SamuelKelemen> seriously guise?
[20:36:25] <gsingh93> migrate later
[20:36:29] <SamuelKelemen> fair
[20:36:39] <gsingh93> you already have some banned users
[20:36:48] <gsingh93> having something today would be good
[20:36:53] <SamuelKelemen> agreed.
[20:36:57] <gsingh93> other thoughts?
[20:37:01] <iangcarroll> does anyone hate google?
[20:37:02] <SamuelKelemen> I think it should be public.
[20:37:07] <iangcarroll> as in, can we use google spreadsheets?
[20:37:17] <gsingh93> i think it should be private
[20:37:19] <majora> google is okay
[20:37:29] <arirawr> google good
[20:37:30] <SamuelKelemen> If I can make a better solution, you can use it until then...
[20:37:35] <gsingh93> sure
[20:37:39] <gsingh93> majora: TODO list this
[20:37:50] <majora> ok
[20:37:56] <majora> anything else on this topic
[20:37:56] <SamuelKelemen> Any other opinion on public/private?
[20:37:57] <gsingh93> anything else?
[20:38:01] <gsingh93> oh yea
[20:38:05] <iangcarroll> i support private
[20:38:05] <gsingh93> other opinions
[20:38:09] <arirawr> private
[20:38:11] <SamuelKelemen> I don't see why it should be private
[20:38:18] <iangcarroll> no point in publicly shaming people for their actions
[20:38:21] <iangcarroll> especially later on
[20:38:22] <SamuelKelemen> Information should default to being public
[20:38:23] <majora> it isn't shaming
[20:38:24] <majora> lmao
[20:38:31] <SamuelKelemen> it's not shaming imo
[20:38:35] <majora> but private is fine, I wont lose sleep over it
[20:38:40] <gsingh93> SamuelKelemen: i feel like it's a FB privacy violation
[20:38:43] <gsingh93> not completely sure though
[20:38:46] <arirawr> ^
[20:38:47] <SamuelKelemen> and anyone should be able to answer why they were kicked
[20:38:57] <SamuelKelemen> why would fb care?
[20:39:16] <gsingh93> SamuelKelemen: we care about anything that you couldn't find out directly on FB itself
[20:39:18] <vishwin60> terms of use
[20:39:21] <SamuelKelemen> I mean all it would basically say is which part of the content policy was violated, and when
[20:39:21] <iangcarroll> we really need time to answer the billion questions shane asked, so if we can do this later...
[20:39:25] * majora zuckernerding intensifies 
[20:39:29] <arirawr> Public could be used against the person outside of the group
[20:39:30] <vishwin60> lol
[20:39:35] <arirawr> which is bad
[20:39:37] <gsingh93> ^
[20:39:40] <majora> okay private
[20:39:43] <arirawr> so again private ++
[20:39:44] <SamuelKelemen> @iangcarroll, ill bring this up later, in that case
[20:39:46] <majora> we can always turn it public later
[20:39:51] <gsingh93> yea, that's true
[20:39:52] <iangcarroll> yeah, kk
[20:39:54] <iangcarroll> next?
[20:39:56] <gsingh93> private is the conservative approach
[20:39:57] <majora> >Homework posts (@majora)
[20:40:02] <SamuelKelemen> i meant public as in, belonging to the group
[20:40:11] <SamuelKelemen> >> next topic
[20:40:47] <majora> Okay, so homework questions will come up obviously this goes along with posting guidelines but I think we either
[20:41:08] <majora> deem them off topic, require users to show they've made an effort to solve it, or :(
[20:41:12] <SamuelKelemen> HX Homework Help
[20:41:23] <gsingh93> I think some homework questions are fine, but I didn't like what that guy did
[20:41:26] <majora> there was one post earlier in the week where someone asked for a solution and a bunch of users trolled them
[20:41:37] <majora> yeah so we should require they show an effort
[20:41:39] <gsingh93> yup
[20:41:42] <SamuelKelemen> true
[20:41:43] <gsingh93> if they show effort
[20:41:45] <gsingh93> fine with me
[20:41:52] <majora> is that fine with all?
[20:41:53] <SamuelKelemen> we aren't stack overflow
[20:42:01] <SamuelKelemen> I would prefer it be more like
[20:42:06] <iangcarroll> ðŸ‘, I guess
[20:42:11] <vishwin60> showing effort before asking is good, similar to physicsforums
[20:42:14] <iangcarroll> if we become a homework help group we'll have to revise it
[20:42:16] <gsingh93> similar to all forums
[20:42:18] <SamuelKelemen> "Yo, I'm lost with this hw. Can someone point me in the right direction?"
[20:42:27] <gsingh93> SamuelKelemen: the thing is
[20:42:33] <arirawr> fine if "I tried this, but this happened, can you help with this?"
[20:42:41] <gsingh93> they could be trying to get people to do there homework
[20:42:42] <SamuelKelemen> rather than, "Yo, how do I even "hello world"
[20:42:57] <gsingh93> or people are going to waste time explaining things they already know
[20:42:59] <majora> arirawr that suggests they tried
[20:43:08] <arirawr> indeed
[20:43:12] <SamuelKelemen> I dont see anything wrong with getting fb groups to answer hw questions
[20:43:20] <gsingh93> SamuelKelemen: me neither
[20:43:29] <gsingh93> i'm not going to do their hw for them
[20:43:29] <SamuelKelemen> Mark Zuckercyborg did it.
[20:43:37] <SamuelKelemen> than dont reply to it?
[20:43:38] <iangcarroll> seems like something a subgroup could take up if they wanted to
[20:43:43] * majora zuckernerding intensifies 
[20:43:52] <iangcarroll> but I don't want to clutter the group with HW posts
[20:43:53] <gsingh93> SamuelKelemen: let me rephrase: i don't think people should do their hw for them
[20:43:54] <iangcarroll> or allow them
[20:43:55] <SamuelKelemen> Yeah, I'd say subgroup that
[20:44:06] <majora> I just don't want unnecessary trolling in the group
[20:44:08] <iangcarroll> s/allow them/allow asking for answers
[20:44:08] <yossarian-bot> iangcarroll probably meant: or allow asking for answers
[20:44:28] <majora> OKAY
[20:44:29] <majora> so
[20:44:41] <majora> verdict: allow them completely or force them to show an effort or ban them
[20:44:55] <gsingh93> make them show an effort
[20:44:57] <iangcarroll> ^
[20:44:58] <SamuelKelemen> dont ban. ask to show effort
[20:45:08] <iangcarroll> i think there are 3 options there
[20:45:09] <gsingh93> please add that as a TODO majora for the content policy
[20:45:11] <SamuelKelemen> but, I have no clue how to enforce that
[20:45:11] <iangcarroll> not two
[20:45:13] <arirawr> effort
[20:45:26] <iangcarroll> kk
[20:45:47] <gsingh93> SamuelKelemen: we ask once nicely
[20:45:55] <iangcarroll> we good to move on?
[20:45:56] <SamuelKelemen> and then close
[20:46:06] <gsingh93> SamuelKelemen: sure, but i doubt they'd say no lol
[20:46:17] <gsingh93> i've helped with a lot of hw posts and they're just not good internet citizens yet
[20:46:19] <gsingh93> lol
[20:46:22] <majora> we can discuss enforcing it later
[20:46:24] <gsingh93> i'm fine with moving on
[20:46:26] <majora> >Shane's various questions (@admins)
[20:46:36] <gsingh93> are there specific questions here
[20:46:41] <SamuelKelemen> lol
[20:46:42] <gsingh93> that you want to bring up?
[20:46:44] <gsingh93> or just all of them
[20:46:49] <iangcarroll> alright
[20:46:50] <iangcarroll> so
[20:46:52] <iangcarroll> https://www.facebook.com/groups/wearehx/permalink/1720956238148894/?comment_id=1721003054810879&notif_t=group_comment_follow
[20:46:53] <yossarian-bot> Title: Log into Facebook | Facebook
[20:46:56] <SamuelKelemen> I can copypasta them for you if you want
[20:46:59] <iangcarroll> i responded to almost every one
[20:47:10] <iangcarroll> what I would suggest is reviewing them and seeing what ones you guys want to address
[20:47:17] <gsingh93> do your reponses indicate some sort of changes we should make?
[20:47:19] <iangcarroll> or where you disagree with what I said
[20:47:26] <majora> also if anyone knows Laura Alkhoury buy her a beer
[20:47:29] <iangcarroll> i don't think so, aside from one comment I made
[20:47:32] <iangcarroll> on the PR
[20:47:39] <SamuelKelemen> I think the most valid thing worth discussing is the 1) closing posts should cite specific lines in policies
[20:47:43] <iangcarroll> yeah
[20:48:02] <gsingh93> we actually talked about that
[20:48:04] <iangcarroll> he was kinda annoyed at the way his post was closed, I guess
[20:48:08] <gsingh93> when i was talking about content policies
[20:48:11] <gsingh93> and we were in agreement
[20:48:16] <SamuelKelemen> and 2) perhaps we should add a fb group File, where people can bring comments and concerns for the meetings, for those who don't IRC or Github
[20:48:30] <gsingh93> SamuelKelemen: i'm fine with that and your recent post in the group
[20:48:38] <majora> >for those who don't IRC or Github
[20:48:45] <majora> well they don't care enough to contribute
[20:48:46] <iangcarroll> fwiw, I don't think the doc or weekly post should be official
[20:48:48] <iangcarroll> or really mandated
[20:48:58] <iangcarroll> git and IRC are both open protocols for exchanging information
[20:49:02] <gsingh93> yea
[20:49:04] <iangcarroll> if you can't use either, something else is wrong
[20:49:15] <gsingh93> i think if someone "doesn't want to use Github", that's actually their problem
[20:49:17] <gsingh93> however
[20:49:21] <arirawr> I think HX Meta is a good alternative for people stuck to fb
[20:49:24] <gsingh93> initially, this might help with bringing in more interest
[20:49:26] <majora> it's like vegetarians who choose to not eat meat
[20:49:30] <gsingh93> i agree with meta too
[20:49:38] <SamuelKelemen> I'm okay with Meta
[20:49:49] <majora> Meta is okay but IRC is preferred for instant feedback
[20:49:57] <iangcarroll> i guess I'm somewhat wrong about git being an open protocol, as we're doing this with PRs and their comments
[20:50:10] <iangcarroll> but github has a mobile interface which allows you to comment(?)
[20:50:13] <SamuelKelemen> I see his point that the group is a fb community, and all comments are outside of fb. I was really just trying to give him a solution, that would be agreeable
[20:50:19] <arirawr> ^^
[20:50:21] <arirawr> I agre
[20:50:22] <majora> iangcarroll on their mobile site yes
[20:50:24] <gsingh93> so i think the idea of Meta is great
[20:50:24] <vishwin60> git in and of itself doesn't have any commenting facility
[20:50:29] <arirawr> and I think meta is the solution
[20:50:35] <iangcarroll> yeah, meta sounds loke a good idea
[20:50:35] <gsingh93> i think one thing we could do though
[20:50:36] <SamuelKelemen> I'd agree with meta
[20:50:41] <gsingh93> one thing we should do
[20:50:45] <SamuelKelemen> and mobile github, does indeed suck
[20:50:46] <gsingh93> to increase usage and awareness of meta
[20:50:58] <gsingh93> is we should share any posts to Meta if they belong in meta
[20:51:04] <gsingh93> and close them in the original group
[20:51:11] <arirawr> fine with that
[20:51:15] <vishwin60> probably with a redirect note
[20:51:16] <iangcarroll> what if there's existing discussion?
[20:51:17] <SamuelKelemen> i can live with that
[20:51:21] <gsingh93> iangcarroll: hmm
[20:51:27] <gsingh93> copy and paste it :P
[20:51:28] <majora> +++1
[20:51:30] <iangcarroll> lol
[20:51:33] <gsingh93> we have bots to do this inside of FB
[20:51:35] <SamuelKelemen> screen shots
[20:51:40] <arirawr> I mentioned on GH that Meta posts should be offtopic so ideally closed immediately
[20:51:47] *** Joins: Hazzard (43aefd2c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.67.174.253.44)
[20:51:52] <gsingh93> arirawr: yea, but that's "ideally"
[20:52:05] <gsingh93> what should we do if there's already discussion when you get there?
[20:52:08] <SamuelKelemen> @arirawr +10pts
[20:52:10] <iangcarroll> too bad we're all in timezones +- 3hrs of each other, so there's the night :p
[20:52:26] <arirawr> This implies regular sleep schedules lol
[20:52:29] <arirawr> anyway
[20:52:29] <SamuelKelemen> right
[20:52:33] <SamuelKelemen> im up all night
[20:52:38] <arirawr> I don't think we need to go out of our way
[20:52:50] <arirawr> to document discussion on offtopic posts
[20:52:51] <SamuelKelemen> S.C. Kelemen 4 admin, 2016
[20:52:54] <iangcarroll> kk
[20:53:00] <iangcarroll> so close meta posts in HX
[20:53:05] <iangcarroll> after its added to the content policy
[20:53:12] <iangcarroll> and share to meta
[20:53:23] <gsingh93> majora: add to TODO please
[20:53:25] <iangcarroll> also, any objections to me stickying a post informing people of meta?
[20:53:29] <arirawr> Also (TODO) pinned post about meta, link meta in sidebar
[20:53:44] <majora> okay
[20:53:49] <gsingh93> about the pinned post, anything else you want to put in there?
[20:53:55] <gsingh93> like the other hackbot help announcements?
[20:54:15] <gsingh93> you should probably draft a proper pinned post actualy
[20:54:15] <arirawr> Could combine, yeah
[20:54:17] <gsingh93> that has everything
[20:54:19] <iangcarroll> yeah
[20:54:24] <gsingh93> including all policy links, etc.
[20:54:29] <arirawr> fold it all into meta-type goings on
[20:54:35] <SamuelKelemen> the sidebar needs to be rewritten anyway
[20:54:38] <gsingh93> yea
[20:54:43] <gsingh93> same for the meta sidebar, FYI
[20:54:47] <SamuelKelemen> let's not refer to HH
[20:54:57] <arirawr> ^^^^^^
[20:55:00] <gsingh93> kk, TODO list majora
[20:55:02] <SamuelKelemen> we don't need to shit on the past. We just need to work on a better future
[20:55:06] <arirawr> +10 pts to Samuel
[20:55:09] <gsingh93> SamuelKelemen 2016
[20:55:12] <vishwin60> lol
[20:55:13] <SamuelKelemen> =D
[20:55:25] <iangcarroll> so, shane said "if there was a weekly request for community feedback in the main HX group Facebook I wouldn't feel the need to make posts like this". is our 'official' response that he should post in meta?
[20:55:31] <gsingh93> iangcarroll: please make a TODO list bot
[20:55:35] <gsingh93> !TODO make todo list bot
[20:55:39] <arirawr> Yes ian
[20:55:41] <SamuelKelemen> lol
[20:55:43] <iangcarroll> paging woodruffw/yossarian-bot
[20:55:56] <SamuelKelemen> And @Iangcarrol I'd say yes. Move to meta
[20:56:04] <woodruffw> huh
[20:56:09] <woodruffw> what's up
[20:56:16] <arirawr> He's also welcome to share meta posts to main group if they have good discussion, imo
[20:56:18] <SamuelKelemen> you can tell him to feel free to message me, if he wants me to bring something up
[20:56:18] <iangcarroll> want to add a todo list command to the bot? :p
[20:56:34] <gsingh93> arirawr: as long as the main discussion happens in Meta
[20:56:35] <SamuelKelemen> oui
[20:56:36] <vishwin60> gdammit iangcarroll wrestling my words out :-P
[20:56:42] <arirawr> yep
[20:56:44] <iangcarroll> i try
[20:56:52] <majora> okay final 5 minutes
[20:56:53] <gsingh93> woodruffw: add TODO lists to yossarian-bot
[20:56:57] <woodruffw> i could probably make one in a few days, i'm a bit short on time atm
[20:56:57] <gsingh93> what's left?
[20:57:06] <iangcarroll> any other comments by shane we need to talk about?
[20:57:09] <iangcarroll> otherwise general Q&A it is
[20:57:14] <woodruffw> it's easy to write plugins for yossarian-bot is anybody wants to give it a try
[20:57:23] <arirawr> what lang?
[20:57:25] <gsingh93> that would require me having time
[20:57:26] <iangcarroll> ruby
[20:57:27] <vishwin60> ruby
[20:57:29] <vishwin60> lol
[20:57:29] <arirawr> dope
[20:57:31] <gsingh93> ew
[20:57:38] <woodruffw> it's in ruby
[20:57:41] <majora> EW
[20:57:43] <arirawr> link me the repo in pm or w/e
[20:57:43] <iangcarroll> i agree with gsingh93, rewrite it in PHP
[20:57:46] <woodruffw> lol
[20:57:49] <gsingh93> lolol
[20:57:49] <arirawr> ...
[20:57:51] <gsingh93> rewrite in Hack
[20:57:53] <vishwin60> oh woodruffw the bot ain't identified to services again
[20:57:55] <gsingh93> the official language of HX
[20:57:55] * majora /kickban woodruffw
[20:58:05] <woodruffw> vishwin60: weird, i'll check that out
[20:58:19] <woodruffw> it probably netsplit some time ago and failed to reauth
[20:58:21] <majora> >hack >official language of trash dumpyard
[20:58:26] <woodruffw> !botinfo uptime
[20:58:26] <yossarian-bot> I've been online for 6 days, 19 hours, 39 minutes, and 8 seconds.
[20:58:27] <majora> ftfy gsingh93
[20:58:28] <gsingh93> woodruffw: were you also managing the github bot?
[20:58:35] <woodruffw> gsingh93: the github bot?
[20:58:36] <SamuelKelemen> link me the repo too, Ill look into the bot
[20:58:37] <vishwin60> no that was iangcarroll
[20:58:38] <iangcarroll> i believe that was me
[20:58:39] <vishwin60> I think
[20:58:39] <gsingh93> the one that posted here when PRs were made
[20:58:42] <woodruffw> !botinfo source
[20:58:43] <iangcarroll> it was working
[20:58:43] <yossarian-bot> yossarian-bot's source code can be found here: http://git.io/vs65u
[20:58:45] <woodruffw> SamuelKelemen: ^
[20:58:51] <gsingh93> iangcarroll: does it only do new PRs?
[20:58:52] <woodruffw> gsingh93: that's not mine, no
[20:58:54] <iangcarroll> in fact the config hasn't changed
[20:58:56] <iangcarroll> i guess
[20:59:05] <gsingh93> i feel like comments might be good?
[20:59:08] <iangcarroll> didn't sivoais have a script to give it more actions?
[20:59:12] <iangcarroll> the web UI doesn't let me change it
[20:59:20] <iangcarroll> it's a github integration
[20:59:20] <arirawr> Okay folks - any more Q&A?
[20:59:26] <woodruffw> SamuelKelemen: check out WRITING_PLUGINS.md for a crash course
[20:59:34] <gsingh93> add bot stuff to TODO list
[20:59:35] <majora> >General Q&A
[20:59:43] <iangcarroll> I'm good
[20:59:58] <arirawr> Thanks woodruffw
[20:59:59] <iangcarroll> are we done?
[21:00:02] <majora> yes
