## Info
* Where: [##hx-admin](https://kiwiirc.com/client/chat.freenode.net/##hx-admin) on Freenode
* When: January 7th, 2016 at 8:00 PM EST
* Who: Anyone

## Minutes

- Meeting began at 8:00PM EST
- All administrators were in attendance

```
[20:00:10] <iangcarroll> Alright, let's get this show on the road.
[20:00:17] <arirawr> Agenda is linked in the description, so feel free to follow along. We'll go through each item in order. Some items have a specific person who'll be leading the discussion.
```

**Meeting procedure, agenda, and minutes (@arirawr)**

- @arirawr moderated
- Going through topics on agenda top to bottom
- Open discussion times will be provided
- Get in contact if you'd like to moderate or take minutes in future

```
[20:01:49] <arirawr> For tonight, I'll be moderating the discussion (get in contact if you'd like to moderate in the future).
[20:02:30] <arirawr> Non-admins, I will indicate specific open discussion times - feel free to participate at that time
[20:03:13] <arirawr> Minutes for tonight will be made via the logs [please post link someone?], but people to take minutes would be appreciated in future...again get in contact
[20:03:26] <iangcarroll> hx.vishwin.info
[20:03:41] <arirawr> Any questions on procedure? (Again, we're doing top to bottom topics with times for discussion)
```

**Finalizing and merging the Content and Admin policies (@gsingh93)**

```
[20:04:43] <gsingh93> content policy is fairly close to done
[20:04:54] <gsingh93> the big issue right now is the jokes/memes section
[20:05:16] <gsingh93> it's a fairly split topic based on what i've seen in the group
[20:05:25] <gsingh93> and people feel strongly about both sides
[20:05:39] <gsingh93> unfortunately, there's only like two comments about it on Github
[20:05:54] <gsingh93> so what I need opinions on is whether we should go ahead and pick a side now
[20:05:57] <arirawr> [gsingh93, can you link the draft?]
[20:06:00] <gsingh93> or devise a way to get more input
[20:06:07] <gsingh93> https://github.com/wearehx/policies/blob/content-policy/content-policy.md
[20:06:47] <majora> jokes and memes are fine as long as they aren't mocking a real question IMO
[20:07:12] <gsingh93> i just remember a bunch of posts in HH
[20:07:14] <arirawr> I'd love to get more input by posting the proposed draft in the group
[20:07:22] <gsingh93> arirawr: i've posted it like twice
[20:07:27] <gsingh93> but the group was a few members smaller then
[20:07:37] <gsingh93> few hundred members*
[20:07:48] <gsingh93> it's going to get pretty heated though
[20:07:50] <gsingh93> be prepared
[20:08:00] <gsingh93> my opinion though
[20:08:02] <arirawr> Posting it not just as a link but as a native facebook thread will yield more replies
[20:08:11] <gsingh93> sure
[20:08:20] <gsingh93> my opinion is there's a lot of good funny content
[20:08:28] <gsingh93> but there's also a lot of shitposts
[20:08:38] <gsingh93> there was one in the HH subgroup leaders group
[20:08:44] <gsingh93> (don't know if you're still in there)
[20:08:50] <Zin> Hue hue node.js give likes pls
[20:08:51] <arirawr> I am
[20:09:00] <gsingh93> but it's hard for me to distinguish between shitpost jokes and normal jokes, lol
[20:09:24] <iangcarroll> plus the reposted memes/images
[20:09:25] <gsingh93> https://www.latest.facebook.com/groups/hhleadership/permalink/1677257022558494/
[20:09:36] <gsingh93> err
[20:09:38] <majora> I think it's easy to discern the difference between somehting like
[20:09:44] <majora> >not using express.js
[20:09:46] <majora> and
[20:09:49] <majora> >hue hue node.js
[20:09:57] <gsingh93> what do you think about the link i posted
[20:09:59] <iangcarroll> lol you linked to the dev site gsingh93
[20:10:04] <gsingh93> doesn't it redirect?
[20:10:06] <gsingh93> for you guys?
[20:10:06] <iangcarroll> no
[20:10:10] <gsingh93> just get rid of the latest
[20:10:12] <iangcarroll> probably IP whitelisted, from the looks of it
[20:10:15] <gsingh93> https://www.facebook.com/groups/hhleadership/permalink/1677257022558494/
[20:10:43] <arirawr> I would rule the one you linked as off topic
[20:10:51] <arirawr> (Sorry for those who can't see it)
[20:10:54] <gsingh93> i would to, but i'd need to come up with specific reasons
[20:11:00] <gsingh93> so future decisions aren't arbitrary
[20:11:10] <arirawr> It's not a joke
[20:11:13] <arirawr> it's a meme
[20:11:34] <gsingh93> so no meme's?
[20:11:59] <Zin> What does HN have?
[20:11:59] <wolfcore> It would be easier to just not allow any, then there's 0 doubt
[20:12:08] <iangcarroll> yeah
[20:12:10] <wolfcore> or make it like the Infosec group that allows memes in comments, but not as posts
[20:12:11] <arirawr> Images (or text) posted as a top-level post that you can't make some kind of discussion about are pretty useless in a discussion-driven platform like Facebook
[20:12:26] <majora> I don't think the goal of this community is to become like HN
[20:12:28] <gsingh93> wolfcore: i like that idea
[20:12:32] <majora> I personally would not want to take part of it then
[20:12:34] <coldsauce> I also like that idea
[20:12:47] <gsingh93> ok, so a meme can't be a top level post
[20:12:53] <iangcarroll> seems reasonable
[20:13:00] <gsingh93> i.e. it's not something you can discuss and it's not an announcement
[20:13:03] <majora> yeah
[20:13:06] <majora> that's reasonable
[20:13:06] <wolfcore> HN works the way it does because anything remotely non-serious gets downvoted
[20:13:08] <arirawr> As comments they often degrade the original post though
[20:13:28] <gsingh93> ok, so what i'll do is i'll update the PR with that new info
[20:13:36] <gsingh93> and then the admins can post about it again before mergin?
[20:14:00] <arirawr> Yeah, ping here when you have it written and I'll check it out
[20:14:04] <gsingh93> sounds good
[20:14:10] <gsingh93> i have two more minor points on content policy
[20:14:22] <gsingh93> we want to have a very detailed content policy
[20:14:30] <gsingh93> so we can easily justify our decisions
[20:14:32] <gsingh93> https://www.facebook.com/groups/wearehx/permalink/1715379258706592/
[20:14:44] <gsingh93> are we able to classify that based on the current draft?
[20:15:13] <arirawr> See, it would technically go under social, which in the draft is outlawed. I disagree with that part of the draft though :P
[20:15:30] <gsingh93> lol, then we need talk about that
[20:15:33] <arirawr> Indeed
[20:15:37] <Zin> The issue with a focus on detail is that you have to enforce it constantly, otherwise you get accused of favouritism
[20:15:46] <Zin> Vagueness gets you what HH had
[20:15:48] <wolfcore> Maybe there should be a distinction between posts like this that ask for just a one-off response, vs something like "What is your favorite book and why?"
[20:16:02] <arirawr> Note that that post was one of the most engaged we've seen
[20:16:12] <arirawr> wolfcore expand on that?
[20:16:13] <gsingh93> arirawr: kind of
[20:16:15] <wolfcore> Posts that just ask for a yes/no don't generate replies within the comments
[20:16:19] <gsingh93> it had a lot of comments
[20:16:27] <wolfcore> But not *discussion*
[20:16:28] <arirawr> Comments and likes on comments
[20:16:31] <wolfcore> it was people just listing
[20:16:47] <wolfcore> It should be more like, what is your favorite books, explain why you like it or what you learned from it etc
[20:16:53] <wolfcore> book*
[20:17:09] <gsingh93> the OP could also have given his favorite book
[20:17:11] <majora> +1
[20:17:22] <arirawr> I agree that that would make a more engaging post but I don't thing the post as is is bad.
[20:17:32] <gsingh93> arirawr: i don't think it's that bad
[20:17:39] <gsingh93> but there are other posts
[20:17:40] <wolfcore> Yeah the posts isn't bad, it just could be better
[20:17:40] <majora> it's not bad but it is low quality
[20:17:47] <gsingh93> that are also "social"/"vague"
[20:17:50] <gsingh93> that we don't want to have
[20:17:55] <gsingh93> we need to figure out how they differ
[20:18:02] <majora> we want high quality and engaging posts
[20:18:08] <majora> or at least I do
[20:18:08] <arirawr> The issue at hand isn't that post though, it's what the content policy looks like
[20:18:20] <wolfcore> Well something like "What is your favorite song?" would be off topic, whereas books has an intellectual spin
[20:18:30] <gsingh93> wolfcore is on point today
[20:18:38] <gsingh93> that's how i feel
[20:18:44] *** Joins: VaradhJain (ac3828af@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.172.56.40.175)
[20:18:56] <arirawr> Issue with going by feeling is it's hard to define in a policy
[20:19:00] <gsingh93> right
[20:19:06] <gsingh93> that's what i'm trying to figure out here
[20:19:09] <arirawr> OP of song post could be asking for a new coding playlist
[20:19:27] <arirawr> and if the post is closed they may be dissuaded from participating in future
[20:19:32] <wolfcore> That seems like more of a lifestyle question
[20:19:44] <wolfcore> there's nothing inherently hackerish about songs
[20:19:50] <gsingh93> this^
[20:19:56] <gsingh93> what is a "coding" playlist?
[20:20:09] <wolfcore> It's just that person's favorite music
[20:20:12] <gsingh93> yup
[20:20:13] <iangcarroll> we'll need a definition of hackerish then
[20:20:48] <Zin> "Anything that good hackers would find interesting. That includes more than hacking and startups. If you had to reduce it to a sentence, the answer might be: anything that gratifies one's intellectual curiosity."
[20:21:07] <wolfcore> Zin: that's from HN right?
[20:21:12] <Zin> Yep
[20:21:18] <wolfcore> But HN nowadays only has fluff
[20:21:26] <wolfcore> Years ago it used to have really interesting technical submissinos
[20:21:26] <arirawr> In HH, lower-quality posts were kind of left to sink and better-formed ones to receive comments, etc. I strongly believe that the bar of "acceptable" should be kept as low as possible while keeping the group not spammy, so as to encourage content (something we've been low on lately)
[20:21:28] <gsingh93> HN doesn't have you guys as mods
[20:21:31] <coldsauce> I would think that applies, though.
[20:21:33] <coldsauce> yeah
[20:21:41] <gsingh93> arirawr: song posts didn't sink
[20:21:44] <coldsauce> as "hackerish"
[20:21:49] <gsingh93> because people love to give their opinion on that stuff
[20:21:59] <gsingh93> and they kept coming back
[20:22:01] <gsingh93> week after week
[20:22:06] <arirawr> Duplicate = bad
[20:22:11] <arirawr> but the original post?
[20:22:11] <wolfcore> Because listing your favorite music is the kind of thing where people *love* to show off their taste
[20:22:13] <Zin> Posts that have a lot of people posting, but not discussing are bad.
[20:22:14] <wolfcore> that's why they post
[20:22:24] <wolfcore> Zin: agreed
[20:22:25] <arirawr> it makes people feel good and participate in the group
[20:22:28] <Zin> But Facebook doesn't differentiate them effectively for putting them on feeds
[20:22:42] <gsingh93> also, arirawr, it's totatly acceptable to postpone discussion on debatable things until the next meeting or until the end
[20:22:43] <wolfcore> arirawr: the music subgroup is fairly active
[20:22:54] <gsingh93> there's no deadline here for getting this merged
[20:22:59] <gsingh93> your call
[20:23:23] <Zin> Arirawr: Is the aim of this discussion to foster participation or to foster "productive" participation
[20:23:24] <gsingh93> there are some other topics to talk about
[20:23:34] <Zin> Making buzz feed is easy, making the economist is hard
[20:23:36] <arirawr> Just one more thing on this and we'll push this to github discussion instead:
[20:23:44] <gsingh93> kk
[20:26:23] <gsingh93> must be a long thought :P
[20:26:23] <arirawr> Instead of focusing on content you hate, I'd love to see a draft of a friendly-written "How to write an awesome HX post". The book post / similar? Great example. We already have suggestions. Focus on how they can spark discussion, the goal of the community.
[20:26:24] <arirawr> The beginnings are in the draft
[20:26:30] <arirawr> but a do's and don'ts isn't as nice as a discussion-foundation how-to
[20:26:35] <arirawr> Anyways, happy to push on/off topic discussion to the PR comments. I need time to look through.
[20:26:47] <gsingh93> kk
[20:27:04] <gsingh93> for the admin policy it's also pretty close to done: https://github.com/wearehx/policies/pull/10
[20:27:05] <yossarian-bot_> Title: Admin policy by gsingh93 Â· Pull Request #10 Â· wearehx/policies Â· GitHub
[20:27:13] <gsingh93> i need you guys to definitely read it and understand it
[20:27:24] <gsingh93> for example, iangcarroll modified my pull request the other day
[20:27:33] <gsingh93> which is against the PR policy (as currently written)
[20:27:51] <gsingh93> not a big deal right now, but just make sure it all makes sense to you why things are the way they are
[20:28:09] <gsingh93> i have some minor changes to make (detailed in the comments)
[20:28:13] <gsingh93> but that's it
[20:28:26] <gsingh93> anyone have anything else to add right now before moving on?
[20:29:00] <iangcarroll> does everyone think the two nomination threshold worked well?
[20:29:06] <gsingh93> three*
[20:29:12] <gsingh93> oh the threshold
[20:29:13] <arirawr> I thought 3 was good
[20:29:20] <arirawr> oh, 2?
[20:29:21] <gsingh93> we had 3 nominations to give out
[20:29:24] <gsingh93> but needed only two
[20:29:28] <gsingh93> to declare candidacy
[20:29:29] <arirawr> oh, it should be 3
[20:29:32] <arirawr> or more
[20:29:35] <gsingh93> well, we had 3 originally
[20:29:40] <iangcarroll> yeah, we made the change in the middle to encourage more candidates
[20:29:41] <gsingh93> we changed it for two reasons
[20:29:50] <gsingh93> a bunch of people had 2 nominations, not 3
[20:29:54] <arirawr> 2 is like, I could ask my boyfriend to nominate then self-nominate and wham
[20:29:58] <gsingh93> only iangcarroll and one other person had a nomination
[20:30:02] <gsingh93> arirawr: i think that's fine though
[20:30:06] <gsingh93> i think all you need to run is
[20:30:09] <gsingh93> either two supporters
[20:30:17] <gsingh93> or one supporter and the willingness to run
[20:30:27] <wolfcore> Plus it's not the actual election
[20:30:33] <gsingh93> it's kind of like a filter
[20:30:39] <gsingh93> so people can get encouraged to run
[20:30:44] <gsingh93> but we don't have *everyone* running
[20:30:56] <arirawr> I'd like to set it at 3 next time and then promote it more in-group
[20:31:17] <wolfcore> People were nominating but the nomations were too spread out so nobody was reaching 3
[20:31:19] <arirawr> (I believe it was on a pinned post which is notoriously hidden on mobile)
[20:31:29] <gsingh93> we posted a reminder too though
[20:31:50] <arirawr> 2 still seems grossly low
[20:31:51] <gsingh93> it wasn't just the original post
[20:32:01] <gsingh93> it was the first election as well
[20:32:02] <arirawr> there will be a bigger turnout next time
[20:32:05] <coldsauce> By the same token, though, I could get my 2 friends to nominate me and the same problem exists. I don't think changing it to 3 will fix that issue. Also -- it's not actually voting
[20:32:07] <wolfcore> Or we could increase the amount of nominations each person can give?
[20:32:25] <arirawr> I think the amount of nominations is on point
[20:32:28] <gsingh93> wolfcore: i think what makes sense is to nominate the N people you want to be admins
[20:32:33] <gsingh93> where you have max N admins
[20:32:37] <gsingh93> in this case 3
[20:33:24] <gsingh93> so let's just tweak it next election
[20:33:26] <gsingh93> if we need to
[20:33:33] <iangcarroll> sounds good
[20:33:34] <gsingh93> or we see how the next election goes
[20:33:36] <gsingh93> and then tweak it after
[20:33:49] <arirawr> Put it on another agenda closer to the date
```

**Hackbot (@gsingh93)**

**Defining objectionable content & response to [https://www.facebook.com/groups/wearehx/permalink/1715772932000558](https://www.facebook.com/groups/wearehx/permalink/1715772932000558) (@iangcarroll and @gsingh93)**

**HX Meta**

**How we want to handle subgroups**

- Postponed until next meeting
- Github issue will be opened
- A brief discussion on when to discuss subgroups came up later in the meeting; they will be discussed at the meeting in 2 weeks
- GitHub issue is [here](https://github.com/wearehx/policies/issues/12)

```
[21:12:08] <gsingh93> lol, this is a big one
[21:12:15] <gsingh93> can we postpone?
[21:12:19] <arirawr> I'm of the opinion that we actually don't have to deal with this now
[21:12:31] <majora> I don't think we need subgroups
[21:12:40] <majora> I think that was an abomination with HH
[21:12:43] <gsingh93> i think it's a big topic
[21:12:46] <gsingh93> that needs more time
[21:12:46] <arirawr> subgroups kind of grow organically if they need to
[21:12:47] <iangcarroll> could we open a github or meta post soliciting feedback?
[21:13:03] <arirawr> sure
[21:13:06] <majora> gsingh93 I agree
-----
[21:19:14] <gsingh93> and there's still the subgroup issue
[21:19:30] <arirawr> As I mentioned, subgroups can wait a while
[21:19:39] <gsingh93> are you busy though?
[21:19:54] <gsingh93> like they can wait, but i'd personally rather know sooner rather than later
[21:19:55] <arirawr> Not particularly, I just don't want to have premature discussions
[21:20:04] <arirawr> I don't think we need subgroups now
[21:20:05] <gsingh93> well we haven't had any discussion yet
[21:20:13] <gsingh93> i'm not saying we do
[21:20:18] <gsingh93> i'm just saying we haven't discussed it
[21:20:19] <arirawr> so I don't think it should be discussed until there's a need
[21:20:25] <iangcarroll> subgroups will give us members, if some of the currently-unbranded ones moved
[21:20:34] <gsingh93> lol, there's no "need
[21:20:42] <gsingh93> it just could have benefits and negatives
[21:20:51] <wolfcore> iangcarroll: I don't think more members is necessarily better
[21:20:59] <wolfcore> we're already at ~1k
[21:21:02] <arirawr> I'd rather not touch it until we can run this group very solidly
[21:21:31] <arirawr> and for that we should be focused on content policy and creating engaging content for at least a couple weeks
[21:21:34] <wolfcore> I think subgroups should just be their own groups, that's what they've always been for HH and it's worked well
[21:21:51] <gsingh93> ugh, it looks like we're going to have this dicussion now
[21:22:22] <arirawr> I'm cool with having it later, I just want us to focus for a couple weeks lol
[21:22:24] <sivoais> I would prefer a discussion on GitHub. I have a couple reasons why I don't really want subgroups. And yes, we should wait get the community to build a standard for content.
-----
[21:25:55] <majora> we should just use this issue for the subgroup thread I guess <https://github.com/wearehx/policies/issues/12>
```

**Group name (@arirawr)**

- Notable spam requests, often related to "other kind of hacking"
- All who spoke up (including all 3 admins) were in favour of HX as an alternative
- Ian will post in group

```
[21:13:40] <arirawr> I got over 60 requests today
[21:13:54] <arirawr> of which zero were legitamite.
[21:14:05] <arirawr> which is a waayyyy higher rate than HH
[21:14:10] <arirawr> given the size
[21:14:19] <arirawr> and I'm pretty sure our name is a big part
[21:14:26] <arirawr> Can we pleeeaasssee change it?
[21:14:28] <gsingh93> i'm fine with changing the name to just HX (although continue to pronounce it hackers in verbal discussion)
[21:14:28] <iangcarroll> presumably, the more members we have, the more often we show up in search results for 'hackers' or 'hacking'
[21:14:39] <Zin> I like HX
[21:14:44] <arirawr> I also like HX
[21:14:50] <majora> HX_ is fine
[21:14:53] <gsingh93> kk, so one the admins will make a post?
[21:15:29] <iangcarroll> sure
[21:15:31] <gsingh93> you can say "we're planning on changing it HX"
[21:15:37] <gsingh93> "any objections"
[21:15:52] <arirawr> Give a brief reasoning as well
[21:17:01] <gsingh93> so HX is fine?
[21:17:12] <majora> I'm fine with HX
```

**Future meeting schedule**

**General Q&A**



```
[20:34:13] <arirawr> Next up:  Hackbot (@gsingh93)
[20:34:19] <gsingh93> alright
[20:34:29] <gsingh93> there are two things to talk about here
[20:34:43] <gsingh93> the first is we want a bunch of these implemented: https://github.com/kern/hackbot/issues
[20:34:43] <yossarian-bot_> Title: Issues Â· kern/hackbot Â· GitHub
[20:34:56] <gsingh93> these features will help a lot when the number of posts increases
[20:35:10] <gsingh93> we should be prepared
[20:35:22] <gsingh93> things like /search and /repost could be the most useful
[20:35:27] <majora> yeah
[20:35:36] <gsingh93> we need people to help with the development
[20:35:39] <gsingh93> they're not hard features
[20:35:42] <gsingh93> i just hate javascript
[20:35:49] <arirawr> lol
[20:35:53] <gsingh93> we need to recruit some volunteers
[20:35:56] <gsingh93> or if you guys have time
[20:36:01] <gsingh93> but we need to set a deadline for this
[20:36:03] <majora> wow gsingh93
[20:36:05] <gsingh93> or they won't get done
[20:36:05] <majora> >you guys
[20:36:10] <gsingh93> lol
[20:36:14] <coldsauce> are you guys going to collab w/ alex on this?
[20:36:15] <gsingh93> you people?
[20:36:20] <majora> lol
[20:36:21] <arirawr> Happy to post in the group to recruit people.
[20:36:27] <gsingh93> arirawr: sure
[20:36:47] <gsingh93> coldsauce: we can stay close to upstream for as long as possible
[20:36:49] <gsingh93> no need to fork for now
[20:36:49] <arirawr> (will do this weekend, just put on my todo)
[20:37:06] <gsingh93> so for your post
[20:37:07] <Zin> Are there any reasons to fork?
[20:37:13] <gsingh93> Zin: not at the moement
[20:37:19] <Zin> That anyone can forsee?
[20:37:25] <arirawr> Sidenote: folks and you all are great alternatives for 'you guys'
[20:37:32] <gsingh93> ty
[20:37:33] <majora> they do depend on slack a lot
[20:37:41] <majora> or Is ee they want to add slack dependant shit
[20:37:48] <coldsauce> maybe it would be a good idea to talk to him about it. Maybe he's working on a similar thing
[20:37:55] <majora> so as long as having that stuff wont break our instance, no
[20:37:55] <gsingh93> coldsauce: well
[20:37:57] <arirawr> Yeah, they're big on the slack train
[20:37:59] <Zin> Oy Plebs is also acceptable.
[20:38:02] <gsingh93> the issues are on his repo
[20:38:08] <arirawr> Zin nope.
[20:38:26] <gsingh93> anyways, what i want right now
[20:38:34] <gsingh93> is a small goal
[20:38:42] <gsingh93> as oppposed to "implement everything in the issues"
[20:38:46] <majora> yeah
[20:38:54] <arirawr> Is /close reliably working?
[20:38:56] <gsingh93> i think /search is doable?
[20:39:11] <iangcarroll> it is arirawr
[20:39:20] <gsingh93> iangcarroll: it won't go down again, correct?
[20:39:22] <iangcarroll> Hackbot died at one point but that's fixed
[20:39:25] <gsingh93> or rather, it'll come back up?
[20:39:29] <iangcarroll> indeed
[20:39:31] <arirawr> Thanks iangcarroll
[20:39:36] <iangcarroll> and the issue causing the crash was fixed
[20:39:49] <gsingh93> so one command that's not in the github issues is /readme
[20:39:49] <arirawr> I fear search being used as lmgtfy
[20:39:59] <gsingh93> arirawr: it's mostly for handling reposts
[20:40:03] <gsingh93> i.e. this has been asked before
[20:40:06] <gsingh93> search first
[20:40:18] <Zin> We *should* be encouraging lmgtfy
[20:40:21] <gsingh93> ^^
[20:40:31] <arirawr> um
[20:40:32] <gsingh93> well
[20:40:36] <gsingh93> my intention was a Facebook search
[20:40:37] <arirawr> no
[20:40:39] <gsingh93> not a google search
[20:40:41] <Zin> Clogging up the feed of experienced members with shit posts is a good way to get them to leave
[20:41:06] <gsingh93> it's like stack overflow
[20:41:06] <arirawr> And clogging the feed of new members with elitism is a good way to make them leave :)
[20:41:16] <gsingh93> SO has a no duplicates policy
[20:41:24] <Zin> And you should be optimising for keeping them over someone who can't do a basic Google search
[20:41:25] <gsingh93> it's also sometimes fine to post googlable questions
[20:41:34] <coldsauce> Although I do agree the group shouldn't act like SO
[20:41:34] <gsingh93> as long as you search SO for duplicates first
[20:41:44] <gsingh93> yea, people on SO are dicks
[20:41:45] <wolfcore> All these types of questions come up way too much in HH https://gist.github.com/bryangarza/9c7100e9fa1bbe95b932
[20:41:45] <yossarian-bot_> Title: Please stop :/ Â· GitHub
[20:41:48] <gsingh93> but that's not the point here
[20:42:06] <Zin> We should be directing most questions to SO, just to increase the amount that can be searched
[20:42:20] <gsingh93> lets focus here guys
[20:42:23] <gsingh93> the topic is hackbot
[20:42:31] <gsingh93> i propose the initial goal be this
[20:42:34] <Zin> Good point
[20:42:36] <gsingh93> we implement /search and /readme
[20:42:48] <gsingh93> both commands are to *help* newcomers
[20:42:50] <gsingh93> not to be mean
[20:42:56] <arirawr> I agree that
[20:43:00] <arirawr> 's the intent
[20:43:19] <arirawr> but I'm really not confident they'll be used that way :/
[20:43:35] <Zin> Cross the bridge when we come to it
[20:43:44] <gsingh93> well
[20:43:46] <gsingh93> yea
[20:43:48] <gsingh93> let's try it
[20:43:50] <gsingh93> we can say it's a test run
[20:43:56] <gsingh93> and if it doesn't work we'll remove it
[20:44:04] <arirawr> Can we make them usable only by admins?
[20:44:11] <gsingh93> initially we can
[20:44:12] <Zin> But I'm perfectly ok with cultivating a community with a minimum standard of entry
[20:44:25] <gsingh93> but my end goal is to let everyone have it
[20:44:39] <arirawr> :/
[20:44:44] <Zin> The community at the moment is small and most people know each other
[20:44:53] <wolfcore> What if a larger groups of members can use that command, but not all
[20:44:58] <Zin> Give it out to everyone and go from there
[20:44:59] <arirawr> ^
[20:45:00] <gsingh93> arirawr: what exactly are you worried about here?
[20:45:04] <Zin> You abuse it, you lose it
[20:45:09] <gsingh93> how can /search really be abused?
[20:45:13] <wolfcore> But then one has to define abuse
[20:45:15] *** Quits: sdaitzman (47f5e348@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.71.245.227.72) (Quit: http://www.kiwiirc.com/ - A hand crafted IRC client)
[20:45:19] <arirawr> ^ to wolfcore, not Zin
[20:45:35] <wolfcore> Allow basically everyone we know to use it
[20:45:36] <arirawr> As I mentioned, in the exact same way as lmgtfy
[20:45:38] <wolfcore> But not randoms
[20:45:40] <Zin> "I can't define if, but I know it when I see it"
[20:45:46] <Zin> It*
[20:45:48] <gsingh93> arirawr: what's wrong with telling someone they've reposted something?
[20:45:55] <gsingh93> it's against our policy to repost
[20:45:56] <majora> before proceeding we're going to spend hours arguing
[20:46:01] <gsingh93> and it's not like it's rude or anything
[20:46:07] <majora> without deciding the focus and point of the group and get everyone on the same page
[20:46:11] <arirawr> There's nothing wrong with telling someone they've reposted and linking to said post
[20:46:19] <wolfcore> arirawr: You're thinking about how in HH people would jump to be the one to post "this should be in ___ subgroup" right?
[20:46:23] <arirawr> there is an issue with saying "dude search"
[20:46:33] <gsingh93> right
[20:46:35] <majora> is there really
[20:46:38] <arirawr> yes
[20:46:39] <majora> why
[20:46:51] <gsingh93>  "/search" isnt' saying "dude search"
[20:46:57] <gsingh93> it's giving them a link
[20:46:59] <majora> like if you're too lazy to put in the effort do you deserve a good response
[20:47:02] <gsingh93> maybe not to the exact post
[20:47:05] <gsingh93> but to a list of posts
[20:47:06] <arirawr> I (and many others) would be dissuaded from posting if that was the first and only comment
[20:47:16] <gsingh93> not if that's the norm
[20:47:20] <wolfcore> What about a quota for how many times you can use that command
[20:47:20] <gsingh93> example
[20:47:22] <majora> yeah but maybe you would search first
[20:47:26] <majora> then
[20:47:27] <majora> lmao
[20:47:27] <Zin> You say that like its a bad thing
[20:47:39] <gsingh93> ok, lets do this
[20:47:40] <arirawr> I'm retracting from with conversation for now, will reopen on github when time comes
[20:47:48] <gsingh93> does everyone agree that this is fine for admins to have?
[20:47:52] <iangcarroll> yes
[20:47:54] <gsingh93> arirawr: ?
[20:47:55] <majora> yes
[20:47:55] <arirawr> yep
[20:47:57] <coldsauce> yea
[20:47:57] <gsingh93> cool
[20:47:58] <iangcarroll> there's also the possibility of having admins whitelist specific users to use them
[20:48:00] <gsingh93> then we're implementing it
[20:48:02] <gsingh93> only for admins
[20:48:06] <gsingh93> we can change it later
[20:48:14] <iangcarroll> :+1
[20:48:17] <iangcarroll> Sigh.
[20:48:19] <gsingh93> so our goal is /readme and /search for the first bit of hackbot improvements
[20:48:30] <gsingh93> next topic
[20:48:34] <arirawr> Defining objectionable content & response to https://www.facebook.com/groups/wearehx/permalink/1715772932000558 (@iangcarroll and @gsingh93)
[20:48:35] <yossarian-bot_> Title: Log into Facebook | Facebook
[20:48:50] <gsingh93> so this is mostly for you three admins to talk about
[20:49:04] <gsingh93> someone was a dick
[20:49:07] <gsingh93> what are you going to do
[20:49:13] <gsingh93> and how do you address the points in the comment thread
[20:49:39] <gsingh93> https://www.facebook.com/groups/wearehx/permalink/1715772932000558/?comment_id=1715825818661936&comment_tracking=%7B%22tn%22%3A%22R0%22%7D
[20:49:40] <yossarian-bot_> Title: Log into Facebook | Facebook
[20:49:42] <gsingh93> specifically that comment thread
[20:49:50] <gsingh93> you can take a sec to look over it if you haven't already
[20:50:35] <majora> you're saying George was being a dick with that specific comment
[20:50:37] <Zin> Being Linus is fine, being George isn't
[20:50:39] <majora> or all the comments in the chain sorry
[20:50:44] <gsingh93> err no
[20:50:52] <gsingh93> so the agenda comment has one more thread
[20:50:57] <gsingh93> let me post the link here
[20:51:05] <Zin> George was being a dick in another thread
[20:51:07] <wolfcore> this comment
[20:51:09] <Zin> About Ian Murdock
[20:51:12] <majora> yes
[20:51:18] <majora> But George is entitled to his opinion
[20:51:18] <wolfcore> > The OP of this thread reeks of reddit's backpedaling on their "bastion of free speech" policy a few months back.
[20:51:25] <majora> when he provoked other people that's not okay
[20:51:28] <gsingh93> https://www.facebook.com/groups/wearehx/permalink/1714093802168471/?comment_id=1715748522002999&comment_tracking=%7B%22tn%22%3A%22R0%22%7D
[20:51:29] <yossarian-bot_> Title: Log into Facebook | Facebook
[20:51:46] <iangcarroll> yeah, so, it was a legitimate opinion but it caused a flame war
[20:51:52] <gsingh93> that's the thread i think he deleted his comments
[20:51:52] <iangcarroll> and it's pretty hard to define inciting
[20:51:55] <wolfcore> > He was apparently assaulted by the police, got very edgy on twitter then killed himself over it lmao. Any respect I had for him went down the toilet.
[20:51:55] <majora> but in the second thread gsingh93 linked Rafael Khan was the problem
[20:52:00] <Zin> Side note: Someone needs to give the bot a Facebook account.
[20:52:00] <gsingh93> it was like go fuck yourself
[20:52:04] <gsingh93> yea majora  is correct
[20:52:15] <iangcarroll> Zin: not allowed
[20:52:15] <majora> I mean it's his opinion, we can't tell him that opinion is incorrect
[20:52:16] <wolfcore> It was an incited response but yeah
[20:52:25] <majora> we shoudl address how he expressed it
[20:52:31] <gsingh93> who are you talking about majora?
[20:52:33] <majora> and tell him to express himself in a more correct manner
[20:52:36] <majora> George
[20:52:38] <gsingh93> kk
[20:52:40] <majora> in the thread
[20:52:43] <majora> he was like
[20:52:44] <majora> "lmao"
[20:52:45] <majora> etc
[20:52:49] <majora> suicide is not a joke
[20:53:01] <arirawr> I think that should be baked into the content policy
[20:53:07] <Zin> Suicide can absolutely be a joke
[20:53:13] <iangcarroll> it was brought up that any attempt to stop flame wars allows blanket censorship of unpopular opinions
[20:53:35] <wolfcore> Zin: how can suicide be a joke?
[20:53:36] <Zin> But joking about other peoples after they do it isn't funny
[20:53:38] <gsingh93> Zin: how?
[20:53:40] <majora> Zin I don't want to discuss ethics of suicide in a group about hacking and I don't think discuss should lead to it
[20:53:45] <arirawr> how you deliver a post or comment is as important as the content and George didn't deliver his opinion well
[20:53:50] <iangcarroll> ^^
[20:54:09] <gsingh93> what about rafael?
[20:54:10] <majora> that's essentially what I said, but yes
[20:54:15] <majora> Rafael crossed the line
[20:54:16] <arirawr> We should mention appropriate and inappropriate delivery in the CoC
[20:54:19] <gsingh93> would you give him a warning based on his comments?
[20:54:21] <wolfcore> It seems like George worderd the way he did on purpose though; we can't really know either way
[20:54:26] <majora> yes gsingh93
[20:54:30] <iangcarroll> i think rafael's comment falls under the personal attack deletion-on-request category
[20:54:36] <iangcarroll> though I think it's a bit weird it's on request
[20:54:38] <gsingh93> i agree iangcarroll
[20:54:43] <gsingh93> why is it weird?
[20:54:48] <gsingh93> if people attack me i don't mind
[20:54:55] <gsingh93> some people do mind (especially doxxing)
[20:55:00] <wolfcore> Rafael apologized in that post
[20:55:02] <majora> also I wonder if we could get a hackit.edward.io up for hx_
[20:55:03] <wolfcore> > I apologize for the insult, but I don't take that sort of behaviour lightly.
[20:55:31] <Zin> I don't want to sidetrack the discussion, but I'll just say that I've been in dark places before and joking about it was cathartic and helping, but I know I'm the exception and I would never joke about someone else's. I will tell someone to fuck off if they try to tell me how to handle my own issues.
[20:55:33] <gsingh93> is rafael still in the group?
[20:55:44] <iangcarroll> yes
[20:55:56] <gsingh93> is anyone going to do anything?
[20:55:58] <gsingh93> or let this slide?
[20:56:04] <arirawr> Zin I don't think the group is the place for that
[20:56:09] <gsingh93> if he does something again, do you want to make a note of it now?
[20:56:16] <gsingh93> lets say administration changes
[20:56:18] <Zin> Just putting context to what I said before
[20:56:18] <iangcarroll> we do need a way to track this stuff
[20:56:21] <gsingh93> yup
[20:56:22] <arirawr> What was his comment? It was deleted..
[20:56:24] <iangcarroll> ideally a spreadsheet
[20:56:27] <majora> I don't think things should be retroactive based on this discussion
[20:56:37] <gsingh93> fair point
[20:56:37] <iangcarroll> it was something around the lines of "kill yourself", swear words, etc
[20:56:43] <gsingh93> we still need to track this stuff
[20:56:49] <arirawr> oh boy
[20:56:56] <majora> I think there is another thread example hang on
[20:57:32] <coldsauce> I'm sorry but where is the post you guys are discussing?
[20:57:44] <gsingh93> i linked it above coldsauce
[20:57:49] <majora> fb search is bad
[20:57:59] <gsingh93> it is
[20:58:00] <gsingh93> sorry
[20:58:17] <majora> don't be sorry I doubt that's your job at fb
[20:58:17] <iangcarroll> also, gsingh93, we should link to the admin policy when we mention banning in the content policy
[20:58:17] <majora> lmao
[20:58:28] <gsingh93> iangcarroll: sure
[20:58:34] <gsingh93> what are the action items right now though?
[20:58:46] <gsingh93> give no warnings because this discussion is retroactive, or give warnings anyway?
[20:58:56] <gsingh93> track violations on github? or in a doc?
[20:58:59] <arirawr> So to sum up, we agree both were in the wrong, post is in the past, should be addressed in CoC
[20:59:13] <majora> why not make a CSV on github
[20:59:19] <arirawr> I think they both got the idea they were wrong by the end of the thread
[20:59:22] <iangcarroll> not sure we want this stuff to be public
[20:59:30] <arirawr> so no need for retroactive warnings
[20:59:34] <majora> we can make it a private repo
[20:59:36] <arirawr> ++ to not public
[20:59:41] <iangcarroll> documenting people's wrong actions in a giant spreadsheet sounds like slander
[20:59:48] <gsingh93> sure, as long as we're clear in the admin policy we have that
[20:59:50] <iangcarroll> ugh not slander
[20:59:51] <gsingh93> (i'll add that)
[20:59:51] <iangcarroll> libel
[20:59:52] <majora> it isn't slander imo
[21:00:02] <majora> I mean it is an online community
[21:00:03] <majora> lmao
[21:00:07] <arirawr> it's not cool regardless
[21:00:17] <wolfcore> Could document but after a set amount of time delete that entry
[21:00:20] <wolfcore> Like a timeout
[21:00:24] <majora> yeah
[21:00:28] <gsingh93> wolfcore: don't think we should delete
[21:00:32] <gsingh93> but the amount of time could be an indicator
[21:00:35] <gsingh93> to the next admin
[21:00:38] <majora> well if we use git it would just be in history
[21:00:40] <iangcarroll> i think a private document might be better, possibly with a public list of only usernames and action taken
[21:00:44] <majora> and it would be a bit harder to find
[21:00:46] <majora> I guess
[21:00:46] <Zin> Hash the name?
[21:00:50] <gsingh93> no...
[21:00:53] <gsingh93> names can change
[21:01:05] <iangcarroll> no way to hash something so that you can't brute force 900 possibilities :p
[21:01:06] <gsingh93> we don't need anonymity from admins
[21:01:24] <sivoais> yeah, I mentioned this before in a GitHub issue
[21:01:27] <gsingh93> so private repo or a doc?
[21:01:33] <iangcarroll> either or works
[21:01:36] <arirawr> either
[21:01:38] <gsingh93> make a choice
[21:01:40] <gsingh93> i'm not an admin
[21:01:46] <wolfcore> Could have a private version of the doc with names and a public version that lags behind by x weeks and has no names
[21:01:49] <Zin> Good point. Private repo, public doc that has deleted post, and reason for deletion
[21:01:50] <arirawr> majora, preference?
[21:01:55] <iangcarroll> does GH give us free private repos?
[21:01:58] <iangcarroll> probably not
[21:01:59] <majora> github is preferred
[21:02:07] <majora> we could use BB for it
[21:02:09] <wolfcore> iangcarroll: not in orgs? Not sure
[21:02:20] <iangcarroll> bb?
[21:02:24] <arirawr> Bitbucket
[21:02:25] <gsingh93> bitbucket
[21:02:26] <iangcarroll> ah
[21:02:28] <arirawr> I'd be against that
[21:02:38] <majora> why, it's just git
[21:02:43] <arirawr> I literally never touch bitbucket
[21:02:54] <gsingh93> i also don't like it...
[21:02:56] <majora> what is your proposed solution
[21:02:59] <arirawr> And for stuff like this I just check when on GH
[21:03:00] <iangcarroll> i do have git.ian.sh, which is github enterprise on my server
[21:03:15] <sivoais> here it was <https://github.com/wearehx/policies/pull/10#issuecomment-166060022>
[21:03:15] <majora> we could just make it public
[21:03:15] <gsingh93> when you're not an admin, that could be an issue
[21:03:16] <yossarian-bot_> Title: Admin policy by gsingh93 Â· Pull Request #10 Â· wearehx/policies Â· GitHub
[21:03:32] <arirawr> I think we agree on GH pending whether we have a private repo
[21:03:38] <arirawr> can someone check and get back?
[21:03:49] <iangcarroll> i'll look into it, but I doubt we can
[21:03:53] <arirawr> We can hash out where exactly it'll be later
[21:03:57] <gsingh93> kk
[21:04:00] <sivoais> Bitbucket is just git. The only issue would be that there is a limit on the number of collabs
[21:04:11] <wolfcore> Just checked; free organizations do not get any private repos
[21:04:12] <sivoais> Five, I believe
[21:04:20] <wolfcore> Micro ($7/mo) gets 5
[21:04:22] <iangcarroll> that fits for the forseeable future
[21:04:25] <majora> but is it 5 contributors at a time or in history
[21:04:29] <iangcarroll> micro is a personal plan, I believe
[21:04:31] <gsingh93> let's get through the other items
[21:04:33] <iangcarroll> orgs start at $25(?)
[21:04:34] <wolfcore> Ooos
[21:04:35] <arirawr> We'll table this for now, research options
[21:04:35] <gsingh93> and schedule a meeting for next week
[21:04:37] <wolfcore> that was for personal
[21:04:49] <wolfcore> Orgs are Bronze ($25/mo) - 10
[21:04:49] <arirawr> Up Next:  HX Meta
[21:04:57] <gsingh93> so the reason i mentioned this
[21:04:57] <wolfcore> kk
[21:05:12] <gsingh93> was that i think it's helpful to separate posts about how the group should be run
[21:05:16] <gsingh93> from the content people want to see
[21:05:19] <gsingh93> because a bunch of people don't care
[21:05:21] <gsingh93> and that's fine
[21:05:36] <gsingh93> i just wanted to have everyone on the same page about what goes in there
[21:05:48] <gsingh93> i think everything relating to meetings should go in there
[21:05:49] <arirawr> There's very few people in that group right now
[21:05:54] <gsingh93> yea, that's the issue
[21:05:56] <arirawr> I didn't know it existed until you mentioned it
[21:06:07] <gsingh93> like i personally want to do it like this
[21:06:08] <wolfcore> That's true; whenever there was a meta post or argument in HH a lot of people ocmmented "why don't you handle this internally?"
[21:06:09] <gsingh93> but can we make it work
[21:06:17] <gsingh93> is the question
[21:06:19] <iangcarroll> we can x-post to hackers with locked comments
[21:06:26] <arirawr> I still like having meeting events in the main group
[21:06:49] <arirawr> then people only get notified if they say they're going
[21:07:03] <arirawr> Having these open meetings is big for a lot of people
[21:07:15] <gsingh93> if people don't join HX Meta, that means they're not interested in admin stuff though
[21:07:23] <gsingh93> assuming they know about it
[21:07:24] <arirawr> And I don't think they need to be subjected to allll the admin stuff to join a meeing
[21:07:53] <gsingh93> like i'd get annoyed with a meeting invite for a meeting i don't care about
[21:08:04] <gsingh93> assuming i didn't care about these meetings
[21:08:14] <arirawr> being invited to when and where the meetings are and being involved completely in admin stuff are different though
[21:08:15] <gsingh93> that's why i wanted to keep it separate
[21:08:34] <gsingh93> right, so why not have them just join HX Meta to have all the invite stuff?
[21:08:43] <majora> I think as long as we give people the privilege to bring up issues after our agenda it's nbd if we only post locked stuff in the general group
[21:08:49] <arirawr> Because then they also get all the other discussion stuff
[21:08:58] <gsingh93> majora: it's mostly about notifications/news feed spam
[21:09:13] <majora> yeah but Ari's point is that then everyone doesn't get a fair chance
[21:09:17] <gsingh93> why not?
[21:09:19] <majora> this gives them a fair chance, just it's last
[21:09:19] <arirawr> 1 notification every 2 weeks/month isn't bad lol
[21:09:21] <gsingh93> they can join HX Meta?
[21:09:30] <gsingh93> i get 200 notifications a day
[21:09:31] <majora> I'm just trying to make a compromise
[21:09:34] <gsingh93> but i guess i'm an outlier
[21:09:36] <iangcarroll> how about whenever there's a meeting we link to the meta post in a hackers post and close it for comments so it isn't bumped or the comments don't fork
[21:10:08] <gsingh93> iangcarroll: one benefit of that, is that if want to switch to meta later, we can
[21:10:11] <arirawr> I get a lot too, but I'm more likely to see something through my notifications than in a group (I turn off notifs for all groups)
[21:10:13] <gsingh93> because people will know about it
[21:10:17] <sivoais> I think you're overthinking it :-P Remember what Grace Hopper said! :-D
[21:10:26] <gsingh93> ok, so other than meetings though
[21:10:36] <gsingh93> do we want people to bring up complaints in the main group, or in Meta?
[21:10:38] <gsingh93> (i'd say Meta)
[21:10:43] <arirawr> I'm ambivalent
[21:10:56] <iangcarroll> i'd prefer meta
[21:11:06] <arirawr> majora?
[21:11:07] <gsingh93> so from now on, we redirect this: https://www.facebook.com/groups/wearehx/permalink/1715772932000558/
[21:11:08] <yossarian-bot_> Title: Log into Facebook | Facebook
[21:11:09] <gsingh93> to meta?
[21:11:14] <gsingh93> (same post as before)
[21:11:28] <iangcarroll> i would say yes
[21:11:33] <majora> I think it's okay to make a post about it in hackers but it's more likely to be seen in meta
[21:11:37] <majora> so meta
[21:11:43] <arirawr> kk
[21:11:49] <gsingh93> yea, it's easier for me to turn notifs on for meta
[21:11:49] <arirawr> Cool
[21:11:52] <gsingh93> and off for Hackers
[21:11:54] <gsingh93> makes sense
[21:11:55] <arirawr> Moving on?
[21:12:01] <iangcarroll> ðŸ‘

[21:17:19] <arirawr> Next up:  Future meeting schedule
[21:17:21] <iangcarroll> i'll make the post
[21:17:36] <gsingh93> i don't think regular meetings are required
[21:17:40] <arirawr> My vote is in 2 weeks
[21:17:41] <gsingh93> but i think we need one early next week
[21:17:41] *** Quits: coldsauce (6c3d448d@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.108.61.68.141) (Quit: http://www.kiwiirc.com/ - A hand crafted IRC client)
[21:17:49] <gsingh93> i think we need to talk about content policy stuff
[21:17:54] <gsingh93> and subgroup stuff
[21:18:03] <gsingh93> for the majority for the majority of the meeting
[21:18:03] <iangcarroll> i would agree about next week, for the reasons gsingh93 just said
[21:18:23] <arirawr> I think content can be done on GH more productively
[21:18:31] <arirawr> (y'all are testing my typing speed)
[21:18:36] <gsingh93> lol
[21:18:38] <arirawr> (so I feel less than productive)
[21:18:46] <gsingh93> i can post up my thoughts from this meeting as a GH comment
[21:18:51] <arirawr> sure
[21:18:52] <gsingh93> based on what we discussed
[21:19:09] <gsingh93> but after the GH discussion, we need to come back here to decide
[21:19:14] <gsingh93> and there's still the subgroup issue
[21:19:20] <iangcarroll> indeed
[21:19:30] <arirawr> As I mentioned, subgroups can wait a while
[21:19:39] <gsingh93> are you busy though?
[21:19:54] <gsingh93> like they can wait, but i'd personally rather know sooner rather than later
[21:19:55] <arirawr> Not particularly, I just don't want to have premature discussions
[21:19:56] <gsingh93> if possible
[21:20:04] <arirawr> I don't think we need subgroups now
[21:20:05] <gsingh93> well we haven't had any discussion yet
[21:20:13] <gsingh93> i'm not saying we do
[21:20:18] <gsingh93> i'm just saying we haven't discussed it
[21:20:19] <arirawr> so I don't think it should be discussed until there's a need
[21:20:25] <iangcarroll> subgroups will give us members, if some of the currently-unbranded ones moved
[21:20:34] <gsingh93> lol, there's no "need
[21:20:36] <gsingh93> "
[21:20:42] <gsingh93> it just could have benefits and negatives
[21:20:51] <wolfcore> iangcarroll: I don't think more members is necessarily better
[21:20:59] <wolfcore> we're already at ~1k
[21:21:02] <arirawr> I'd rather not touch it until we can run this group very solidly
[21:21:31] <arirawr> and for that we should be focused on content policy and creating engaging content for at least a couple weeks
[21:21:34] <wolfcore> I think subgroups should just be their own groups, that's what they've always been for HH and it's worked well
[21:21:39] <arirawr> ^
[21:21:51] <gsingh93> ugh, it looks like we're going to have this dicussion now
[21:21:54] <gsingh93> which is what i didn't want
[21:21:57] <wolfcore> We can have it later
[21:22:01] <wolfcore> Just wanted to say that one thing
[21:22:08] <gsingh93> we can have it later
[21:22:13] <gsingh93> but i'd like it to not be months later
[21:22:17] <gsingh93> or when there's a "need"
[21:22:22] <arirawr> I'm cool with having it later, I just want us to focus for a couple weeks lol
[21:22:24] <sivoais> I would prefer a discussion. I have a couple reasons why I don't really want subgroups. And yes, we should wait get the community to build a standard for content.
[21:22:43] <gsingh93> ok, can we have it in 2 weeks then instead of one week?
[21:22:44] <sivoais> s/discussion/discussion on GitHub/
[21:22:44] <yossarian-bot_> sivoais probably meant: I would prefer a discussion on GitHub. I have a couple reasons why I don't really want subgroups. And yes, we should wait get the community to build a standard for content.
[21:22:51] <sivoais> yossarian-bot_++
[21:22:57] <sivoais> yossarian-bot_: botsnack
[21:23:05] <gsingh93> content policy stuff will get somewhat ironed out next week
[21:23:12] <gsingh93> at least more than it is now
[21:23:20] <gsingh93> and then next week i can share my thoughts on subgroups
[21:23:24] <gsingh93> err
[21:23:28] <gsingh93> the week after that i mean
[21:23:32] <arirawr> Yeah
[21:23:36] <gsingh93> (y)
[21:23:43] <arirawr> majora and iangcarroll cool with that?
[21:23:49] <iangcarroll> ðŸ‘
[21:24:13] <arirawr> Is majora asleep?
[21:24:16] <gsingh93> lolol
[21:24:19] <vishwin_> lol
[21:24:19] <arirawr> :P
[21:24:20] <majora> we should create an issue or something for it now
[21:24:27] <gsingh93> the meeting?
[21:24:30] <gsingh93> or subgroups
[21:24:36] <majora> specifically about the subgroups issue
[21:24:42] <arirawr> Go for it!
[21:24:44] <arirawr> :)
[21:24:58] <gsingh93> i think on the policies repo makes the most sense if you're going to do that
[21:25:05] <arirawr> yep


[21:25:12] <gsingh93> cool, final q&a?
[21:25:16] <iangcarroll> sure
[21:25:19] <arirawr> Alright, closing up :  General Q&A
[21:25:28] <gsingh93> i'm good
[21:25:33] <iangcarroll> can I ask something I forgot to ask earlier
[21:25:37] <gsingh93> no
[21:25:39] <iangcarroll> k
[21:25:39] <arirawr> nope
[21:25:40] <gsingh93> i mean yes :)
[21:25:42] <arirawr> lol
[21:25:46] <iangcarroll> :p
[21:25:50] <arirawr> Go ahead

[21:26:24] <iangcarroll> do we need a policy on what happens when you try to manipulate votes and what constitutes manipulating votes?
[21:26:30] <arirawr> (I'll link all these in the minutes)
[21:26:40] <gsingh93> i think what constitutes it obvious
[21:26:40] <arirawr> Define manipulate?
[21:26:42] <gsingh93> changing it
[21:26:51] <iangcarroll> paying people as well
[21:26:56] <gsingh93> sure
[21:27:05] <gsingh93> pretty much the definition of manipulate
[21:27:11] <arirawr> Can I mail people cookies? :3
[21:27:18] <gsingh93> no :P
[21:27:20] <arirawr> lol
[21:27:28] <arirawr> no cookie for you
[21:27:31] <gsingh93> lol
[21:27:37] <gsingh93> alright, i guess we do need to define this a bit
[21:27:42] <majora> I mean if you pay for the votes I think you deserve it lmao
[21:27:45] <gsingh93> i'll do it when i modify the policy
[21:27:47] <gsingh93> lolol
[21:27:51] <majora> obv you really want it
[21:28:11] <arirawr> Any other questions?
[21:28:20] <arirawr> comments concerns queries?
[21:28:27] <arirawr> compliments?
[21:28:27] <iangcarroll> what happens to hackbot when I hit my term limit or don't get elected again?
[21:28:36] <iangcarroll> given I'm running it and all
[21:28:38] <majora> someone else runs the issue
[21:28:44] <majora> s/issue/bot
[21:28:45] <yossarian-bot_> majora probably meant: someone else runs the bot
[21:28:56] <gsingh93> iangcarroll: you transfer it to someone else
[21:29:09] <nsgomez> <arirawr> Any other questions?
[21:29:10] <nsgomez> <arirawr> comments concerns queries?
[21:29:10] <nsgomez> <arirawr> compliments?
[21:29:12] <nsgomez> yeah this was nice
[21:29:19] *** Quits: wolfcore (~wolfcore@unaffiliated/wolfcore) (Quit: bye!)
[21:29:21] <arirawr> :D
[21:29:22] <nsgomez> good to have open discussions about community matters
[21:29:28] <gsingh93> meeting adjourned?
[21:29:37] *** Joins: wolfcore (~wolfcore@unaffiliated/wolfcore)
[21:29:37] <iangcarroll> ðŸ‘
[21:29:45] <arirawr> Meeting adjourned. Minutes to be posted tomorrow.
[21:29:52] <gsingh93> phew
[21:29:55] <gsingh93> good job guys
[21:30:00] <iangcarroll> I'll post the name change thread now; how long should we wait for comments before doing it?
[21:30:04] <wolfcore> I had a question
[21:30:08] <wolfcore> What are our thoughts on recommendation posts?
[21:30:11] <wolfcore> Okay next time
[21:30:14] <majora> ask it
[21:30:14] <wolfcore> kk
[21:30:20] <gsingh93> iangcarroll: if no complaints, maybe two days?
```
